I awoke.

<italics> I found myself standing in a cold void. </italics>

As he entered the house, the warmth soothed his aching body, frostbitten from
the outside. Sweet relief.

Collapsing on the ground, at last, he had a moment to think!

Although the questions of how and why he came to be here persisted in his mind,
one remained at the forefront: "484F572043414E2057452046494E44204D45414E494E472
0494E2054484520434F4E5354414E542C20534841525020535546464552494E47204F4620455849
5354454E43453F".

The question chiseled lines into his face over time, the more he thought about
it. Dread filled him! No matter what the answer was, it would be cosmic horror.
It would mean that God had forsaken him.

After nineteen years, he stumbled upon a strange place. A little cottage in
the middle of the void. He'd seen these types of houses hundreds of times.
But no matter how long he'd stay, he always continued walking afterwards,
braving the bitter void outside.

Although the cold bit into his skin, each step bloodying his feet, he
continued.

He didn't understand why, but something compelled him!
And this fascinated him.

(You look inside the cottage. At a specific angle, on the walls, you see an
 image of Sisyphus rolling a rock up a mountain. A mysterious sound effect plays,
 symbolising discovery, seeing something that you didn't know was there before,
 but always was.)

"It is during that return, that pause, that Sisyphus interests me. A face that
 toils so close to stones is already stone itself! I see that man going back
 down with a heavy yet measured step toward the torment of which he will never
 know the end. That hour like a breathing-space which returns as surely as his
 suffering, that is the hour of consciousness.

 At each of those moments when he leaves the heights and gradually sinks toward
 the lairs of the gods, he is superior to his fate.

 He is stronger than his rock."

(You hear the door unlock)

(You look around in the next room, until you find a symbol of a Cross,
 with jesus crucified representing Christianity / abrahamic religions.)

"Not only so, but we also glory in our sufferings, because we know that
 suffering produces perseverance; perseverance, character; and character, hope.
 And hope does not put us to shame, because God’s love has been poured out into
 our hearts through the Holy Spirit, who has been given to us."
Romans 5:3-5 (NIV)

(You hear the door unlock)

(You look around in the room, and see the Islamic moon-and-star symbol)

Showing the original Arabic as well:
"Do you think you will be admitted into Paradise without being tested like those
 before you? They were afflicted with suffering and adversity and were so
 violently shaken that even the Messenger and the believers with him cried out,
 "When will Allah’s help come?"

 Indeed, Allah’s help is always near."
Quran, Surah Al-Baqarah (Verse 214)

(You look around in the next room, until you find the symbol for Karma in
 Hinduism.)

"Having realized Me as the enjoyer of all sacrifices and austerities, the
 Supreme Lord of all the worlds and the selfless friend of all living beings,
 My devotee attains peace."
Bhagavad Gita 5:29

(You see from another perspective the Hindu Om Symbol"
"As the ocean is filled with water flowing into it from all sides and remains
 immovable, so the man into whom all desires flow, but is not a bit affected
 attains peace and not the man who craves the desires."
Bhagavad Gita 2:70

(The door opens)

(You see a symbol of a book representing philosophy)
"Atheistic existentialism, of which I am a representative, declares with greater
 consistency that if God does not exist there is at least one being whose
 existence comes before its essence, a being which exists before it can be
 defined by any conception of it. That being is man or, as Heidegger has it, the
 human reality.

 What do we mean by saying that existence precedes essence? We mean that man
 first of all exists, encounters himself, surges up in the world — and defines
 himself afterwards. If man as the existentialist sees him is not definable, it
 is because to begin with he is nothing."
Jean-Paul Sartre, Existentialism is a Humanism

(You see another symbol representing nihilism)
"Man, the bravest animal and the one most inured to suffering, does not
 repudiate suffering in itself: he wills it, he even seeks it out, provided that
 he is shown a meaning for it, a purpose of suffering. Not suffering, but the
 senselessness of suffering was the curse which till then lay spread over
 humanity-"
Nietzsche, The Geneaology of Morals

(The final door opens).

You see penny by a balcony.

  P: "So, what do you think?"
  C: "What do you mean?"
  P: "Have you found what you're looking for?"
     "Meaning in your suffering?"
  C: "I'm not sure, I don't think I've found it yet."
  P: "Me too. What, do you think you're the only one who hasn't?"
  C: "It's not just that.
      Nothing I accomplish is fulfilling for me.
      Are you telling me that happens to everyone?"
  P: "No, of course not. Some people have it easier than others, but
      that is how it is."
  C: "Seriously? "It is what it is?" You have to be kidding."
  P: "You're trying too hard to find a solution, Chase.
      Have you always been like this?"
  C: "Pretty much most of my life."
  P: "But not always?"
  C: "Ah, great. So we're "focusing on the positives."
      I understand now that you don't understand.
      Goodbye."

Perhaps he didn't understand what he had found.
Or, maybe the right moment had not reached him yet.
He didn't know how to create his own meaning.

But something inside him still urged him to go on.
For what reason?
He didn't know that either.
He doesn't know anything.
He remained unenlightened.
