1. Dysania

He opened his eyes.
He was thirsty, his tongue drier than the sand he stood atop.
God had placed him here for a reason.
But aside from that, he was looking for something.
But what, exactly, eluded him.

After 2 screens, you see your first node.
"This one calls itself 83D3960AA4B1 (READ ERROR).
 Activate it? (Yes/No)"

The nodes represents things that can have meaning.

If you select no, you can't move to other screens.
It shocks you, and you start bleeding. It fizzles out.

After another screen, you find another node.
"This one calls itself DD1CEA177C0 (READ ERROR).
 Activate it? (Yes/No)"

You start walking slower.

You see a phone booth thing, you ring for help.

C: Hello?
O: Yes.
C: Um, do you know how I get out of here?
   I'm... so thirsty...
O: Oh, you're stuck there?
   Most people find their way out pretty easily.
C: ...
   I keep walking but it goes on forever.
O: It's simple. You just go up, then down, then up, then
   left, and you'll find what you're looking for.
C: Are you sure? Those directions don't make any sense.
O: Trust me, you'll find it there.
C: Okay.

- You do that, then you get another node.
You drop to the ground, and are crawling now.

The next screen you go to, you see a forest with trees and
flowing water. You go towards it.

"I must... get..."
"Please... G-God..."
"Reveal yourself... to me..."

----

Chase sat at a cafe on a bright Saturday morning.
He listened to the hustle and bustle of the commuters;
saw their happy faces ordering their breakfast.
Laughter erupted at a nearby table-- a group of friends.

...
... "Bastards."

He was envious.
He tried looking outside;

Laid his eyes on an infinite void,
trying to feel something-- anything!

... But couldn't.

He went to sleep that night particularly perturbed.

2. Dinner Party

Bartender
  B: Hey kid, what're you doing here?
     Aren't you 'spossed to be in school or sumthin'?
  C: I'm 23.
  B: Haha, sure little man.
     Get 'outta here before I need to call your parents.

Meeting Jake
  J: Chase, we didn't think you would come!
  C: Yeah, well I thought "why not?"
  J: That's great.
     Oh, I don't think you met Erica before.
  C: No, I don't think so.
     Nice to meet you.
  E: You too.
  C: ...
     Um...
     So, anyways, do you guys know where Megan and Chloe?
  J: I think they're already inside.
  C: Alright, thanks.
  J: I'll make sure to keep an eye out for you.
  C: Um, alright.
     Later.

Meeting Mike
  M: Chase, we didn't think you would come!
  C: I guess I just thought "why not?"
  M: That's great.
     Oh I don't think you met Jessica before.
  C: No, I don't think so.
     Nice to meet you.
  J: You too, Mike tells me nice things about you.
  C: Cool.
     ...
  J: Well, we're just gonna head on inside in a
     little while, we'll catch up later.
  C: Yeah.

(Repeat this for like 5 people)

Meeting Eleanor
  E: Hi, Chase!
     Didn't think you would come.
  C: Hi Eleanor, yeah I just thought I should.
     Oh, you don't have a date too, thank god.
     At least I won't look like a loner.
  E: Oh don't worry, you always look like that.
  C: ?!?!?!?!?!
  E: Just kidding.
     We'll catch up later.
     I'm busy staring out this window.

Inside:

Meeting Paulie:
  C: Hi, Paulie.
     How are you?
  P: ...
     ...
  P: 8F332D706FC109EDF660D38C0D0169B5 (background goes black here)
     38ACCB5115B69EE1C01412BB72AC32F9
     E30C8139AC3549D19F883B87284FAB9?
  C: .......
  P: You good, Chase?
     Maybe you should talk to Megan and Chloe, they're
     over there.

3. Repetitions

Overall Design:

- Working in a cubicle, an office job.
- Minigame of doing some random stuff- it doesn't satisfy him.
- His coworkers talk about random stuff that doesn't matter.
- You mention to them that you have a recurring dream of being
  trapped in a prison with no way out, and they seem weirdly dismissive
  of what you said, and they just sort of ignore you.
- You pretend to care about what's happening.
- The people from his job start disappearing, the others forgetting
  they even existed.
  [These people are meaningless to Chase.]
- Chase is frightened because he is afraid he will vanish too,
  because his life is meaningless.
- He stares at an open window.
- Cut to driving home. (Mareux - Underground or SPIT IN MY FACE
                        throughout the rest of the scene)
  First-person perspective but still Atari
- You enter your home, and scroll on your phone, trying to numb your
  mind.

Specific Design:

  x Infinite cubicles: sense of meaninglessness.
  x You have to find which one is your number (1138)
  x You sit down at the cubicle (popup text)
  x Repeating intermediary rooms with diminishing colors
    until you have to walk through a room in darkness.
  x Job minigame:
    x You work as a document reviewer.
      You go through documents that need to be sent
      out. You find inconsistencies and spelling
      errors in them and you correct them by clicking
      on them. When you found all the errors, you click
      finish.
  x Snap cut to eating lunch with your coworkers.
  x They're talking about random bullshit that you're pretending to
    care about.
  x You snap cut back to the minigame again, and do a few more
    requests.
  x Then you snap cut to lunch. They're talking more BS.
  x You snap cut back to the minigame again, and do a few more
    requests.
  x Snap cut to lunch. You stop one of them this time, the music
    cuts, and you talk about a recurring dream that you've had.
    You're in a prison with no way out, and you get a call from
    someone. You know that in the dream you're surprised that
    you get the call, but somehow also infuriated afterwards.
    After you wake up, you always forget who was calling.
  x You say, "anyways, where's XYZ person?", you haven't seen him.
    No one knows what you're talking about...
  x Chase is frightened.
  x Stares at open window, increase tension
  x Cut to driving home (Mareux - Underground esque music)
    (first person but atari, 2 frame loop)
  x Cut to home. Collapse on bed.
  x Scroll on your phone for like 30 seconds until
    you pass out.


Document Review
---------------

These are excerpts from documents
to our clients. Read the document
thoroughly and click on any errors
to correct them- we must look
professional!

5 levels per.

1.
We're thrilled to announce oru new product: the thing-o-meter! It measures thigns nda whatnot.

2.
Here's our messagr fro the day: Appreciatw the beauty of the wrold! Be it a sunset, a walk in the park, or a conevrsation with friends. We must thakn the Lord thta ew're aliev!

3.
It wsa a bright cold day in April, and the clocks were strkiing thirteen. Winston Smith, his chin nussled into his brest in an efort to escape the vile wind, slipped quick through the glass doors of Victory Mansions, though not quickly enouhg to prevent a swril of gritty dust from entering long with him.

4.
The cretures outside loked from pig to man, and form man to pig, and from pig to man again; but aready it was imposibble to say wich was wich.

5.
This work was stirctly volontery, but any animal who absinted himself from it wood have his rashons reduced by haf.

----

Lunch Text 2:

Amy:     -decided to switch to whole wheat.
Jake:    I just buy whatever's on sale
Clarice: Brioche bread is the best though, especially for sandwiches
Jake:    Oh! Did I tell you guys about this morning?
Amy:     What happened?
Jake:    I got stuck in traffic for nearly an hour on the way to work.
Amy:     Oh no, was there an accident or something?
Jake:    I think they had some construction on and they had to close a lane.
Clarice: By the way, did y'all see Jenny and Mark ye-
Chase:   Can I ask you a question?
Clarice: Which one of us?
Chase:   All of you.
Clarice: ...
Chase:   ... Are you people happy?
Clarice: ... Um, yes?
Jake:    Yeah..?
Amy:     What do you mean? Of course.
Chase:   ... Hmm... But how is th-
         W-wait.
         Wasn't there another person here yesterday?
Amy:     What are you talking about, Chase?
Chase:   Mike, right?
         Is he sick or something?
         Usually he's here with us.
Amy:     ...
         Who's Mike?

------

4. Theophany

- You ensure that the windows are closed (textbox popup)
- Go to bed.
- (play sound of someone rotating a window handle)
  Chase's eyebrows wince. (atari closeup)
  (play sound of window opening)
  His eyes open with dread.
  (play sounds of whispering)
  His pupils move to the right,
- 3D first person perspective: looking from bed onto window.
- Text from design.txt

------

5. 

- I don't have the courage to do what the Lord has asked.
- It's been weeks.
- I need to clear my head.

There are parts where we take advantage of the 3D
by requiring you to physically look at things from
a different perspective so you can progress-- furthering
the themes of the chapter of differing perception
when you're depressed.

One who's happy will find positivity in everything,
but one who's depressed will have a negative view over
many things as it infects your thoughts and how you
view the world.

Part 2

- Go into room with a hallway
- stairs similar to beginner's guide going upwards,
  streaming light coming from above, white sky.
(Later)
- When you look up from the very base of the circular
  stairs, you see a number written on the stairs,
  painted in texture paint from that perspective.
- Enter a room with the dinner party, very dark,
  pyramid headed people. They have the same dialogue
  from before, but then at the end Chase says,
  "Wait, say that again?".
- The screen flashes, and the dialogue is replaced
  with much more friendly and warm conversation-
  it's just Chase's mind having a negatively
  skewed perception. Their heads are also replaced
  with regular heads.
- You go through another door.
