TODO

x First ones are totally normal, boring, and add the animal farm one about voluntary work
x First lunch text is boring.
Second ones start adding entire word changes, meaning changes, and you intercept letters between a couple finding love(no errors). there's still normal ones in between, memos, etc with no meaning 
x Second lunch text is more gossip, almost the exact same text from lunch 1, but you start asking meekly about how you guys are happy. They seem confused
Third ones you change one of the emails endings to "I love you" to help them out. 
Third lunch text, they say the same thing as lunch 2, but you press them harder. How are you people so happy? What kind of deal did they make with the devil to allow them that? Then you show the pentagram thing.
During lunch text 3, You somehow find out that the two lovers never existed. They vanished from existence, the gossip text changed-- they were talking about them before but now they left them out. When chase goes to question them about it (they went off script!) they're confused.

- look out window

A phone call with a future version of yourself:
  The universe does not stop behaving chaotically just because you
  don't want it to. We must all come to terms with our situations.
  It sounds like a fancier way of saying, "shit happens", but it
  IS our situation, and we MUST find meaning in our predicaments.
  When bad things happen to you, that is not God disgracing you,
  or punishing you-- that is being human.

- We need to have a really short 30 second intro
  (3d) which shows the overarching God themes as well
  as the theme of meaninglessness.

- Chapter 1: follow the footsteps in the ending rather than
             following the water so that it lines you up
             better to be looking like you're getting
             otu of bed. Also change the text at the end

Later
- Somehow include a window in the first chapter somewhere?
- chapter 2: add white thing right before teleporting to bathroom with penny
- Replace the font renderer with your own for the document
  review section so we can use monospaced fonts properly.
- Make sure that nothing overlaps in the first chapter
  when you move screens. Especially make sure that it
  can't spawn inside the player.
- Make sure all the God text is Black at first, not red.
- For the devil text in one of the final chapters you can
  use the Document Review instead of regular textboxes.
- Intro: Make it the same setting as the epilogue-- the jail.
         Introduce the feeling of meaninglessness and depression
         that Chase has.
         Introduce the mysterious monster which hooks people
         and also introduces the themes that will be covered.

- At the end of chapter 1, make it so that the player is kept
  at the middle of the screen so it looks like he's getting out
  of bed when the switch occurs.
- Add a white overlay that slowly increases in alpha over time for
  suspense.
- In the final build, we should use a VHS effect.
- Change the render target that footsteps and blood are rendered
  to so that the player isn't rendered below them.

------

The only implementation related thing that might need some elbow
grease is a VHS shader, but that's something that we know can
be made, and should be one of the last things that I even do
on the game.

https://www.reddit.com/r/opengl/comments/cfx7e4/what_is_the_best_way_to_achive_crt_looks_using/
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z30cKoFvha4

Add some sort of intensity uniform that can affect how bad the
VHS quality drops. Also, I like when it has the artifact of
the image stretching really bad at the bottom and top.

------

We should work hard; 2-3 days per segment.
