TODO : Today

V1 squad
  - Jaydn
  - Saleem
  - Rais
  - Daniel
  - Aliyah
  - Gyasi

- Add more choice dialogue elements about your own
  psychology. They need not be branching, even.

- Fix up the windows to actually have a cool effect
  when you look through them: you don't see reality.
  You see things that are not there, like monsters, etc.
  Draw another scene using the same camera position and
  somehow draw it in the same spot?

- "I'm sick of chasing" - double entendre
- C: "It is what it is."
  O: "And what is it?"
  C: "Shit."

x Podiums in hotel staircase scene:
  x Are you ready for the party tomorrow night?
    Tomorrow you're going to have to meet them and talk to them.
    Are you ready for the party tomorrow night?
    How are you going to enter the room?
    What are you going to say?
    Make sure to smile.
    What will they say in return..?
    They might hate you.
    Come, let me show you what could happen.

- In the white parts, use intro font: Ex pluribus unum veritas

- You can get stuck in the paintings

- Make sure all the God text is Black at first with white
  outline, not red.

TODO : Later

- We need to have a really short 2 minute intro
 (3d) which shows the overarching God themes as well
  as the theme of meaninglessness.
    - running away from an invisible monster
    - "didn't you see it?!!" -> no i didn't see anything.

Later
x In chapter 5, add parts in each of the three parts where you have to look
  at an object at a certain perspective to go progress, taking advantage of
  the 3D.
- Chapter 4:
  Really distorted, pitched-down text to speech voice for chase
  rather than text scroll sound.
x Somehow include a window in the first chapter somewhere?
- chapter 2: add white vhs thing right before teleporting to bathroom with hope
x Make sure that nothing overlaps in the first chapter
  when you move screens. Especially make sure that it
  can't spawn inside the player.
x For the devil text in one of the chapters you can
  use the Document Review instead of regular textboxes.
- Intro: Make it the same setting as the epilogue-- the jail.
         Introduce the feeling of meaninglessness and depression
         that Chase has.
         Introduce the mysterious monster which hooks people
         and also introduces the themes that will be covered.

x At the end of chapter 1, make it so that the player is kept
  at the middle of the screen so it looks like he's getting out
  of bed when the switch occurs.
- Add a white vhs overlay that slowly increases in intensity over time
  for suspense.
- Change the render target that footsteps and blood are rendered
  to so that the player isn't rendered below them.

------

The only implementation related thing that might need some elbow
grease is a VHS shader, but that's something that we know can
be made, and should be one of the last things that I even do
on the game.

https://www.reddit.com/r/opengl/comments/cfx7e4/what_is_the_best_way_to_achive_crt_looks_using/
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z30cKoFvha4

Add some sort of intensity uniform that can affect how bad the
VHS quality drops. Also, I like when it has the artifact of
the image stretching really bad at the bottom and top.

------

We should work hard; 2-3 days per segment.
